It's going to kill you.
I'm not eating them.
Ouch my ass son
Mom doesn't want to hit you either
Thanks to that Galessia
Don't worry, your mother will definitely avenge you.
Linsa
I'm going to a meeting.
Buy me a breakfast
I'm also preparing to speak at a later meeting
Why don't you go by yourself?
What do you mean?
I am the director of a president's office
I can't call you
No hands or no legs?
Dare to ask my people to buy you breakfast
Hey, Mr. Gu
I'm also teaching Lindsay
Some worldly sophistication in the workplace
He bought it for me today
I'll buy it for him tomorrow.
Only with these contacts
Can colleagues be closer?
Is that so?
Director, I ordered you coffee yesterday
Is it your turn to invite me today?
Of course, yeah.
I was waiting to give you some.
Since it is to get closer to colleagues
Everyone should order
Right, Director Ma?
Everyone in the company has a cup
I please
No sugar, thank you. No sugar.
What's going on lately?
Always offend the company
No way.
I have to go to the temple to pay my respects after a while
The gods can't take care of you
But I can
You are
Introduce yourself
My name is Zhang Ting
It's Mr. Gu's trustee